9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and
here in Hong Kong. You're watching the
China Show. I'm Yvonne Man with David
Ingles.
>> Good morning and happy Friday morning to
all of you. We're counting down to the
open of markets in greater China. Let's
get to your top stories today. The
Chinese currency very much in focus.
That's after the central bank in the
last few minutes cutting the cost to
short the currency. Asian stocks are
under pressure after losses on Wall
Street.
>> Baidu is a stock to watch in Hong Kong
today after US shares fell on its latest
results. Revenue revenues down for a
third consecutive quarter as it
struggles to find footing in the AI
race.
>> Also ahead, Netflix rises in late trade
after walking out of the battle for
Warner Brothers clearing the way for
rival bidder Paramount.
>> And top earnings interviews coming up
with Hong Kong Exchange CEO Bonnie Chan
and CLP CEO TK Chang. Plus, Hong Kong
Investment Corp's Clara Chan on the
government's plan to inject fresh
capital.
>> Right. Welcome to the show. Lots to get
into. It's was already quite busy as we
were getting makeup Yvonne and myself
and then this breaking news hit. It even
got even busier.
>> Yeah, I mean, when it comes to what the
PBOC is doing, I I I had to do a double
take.
Cutting the re- risk reserves
requirement on FX forward sales to zero.
>> Yeah.
>> Um basically, it's it's ways to slow
down the the ascent of the renminbi, but
yes. Uh we're seeing a little bit more
of these tools being deployed here that
at this moment. We'll see what it does
for of course the onshore markets here
once they do open up here as well.
>> Yeah, I markets have reacted already
slightly in terms of a weaker currency
and the hope is let me just borrow the
uh the verb that we're using at the
bottom of the screens when you look at
stocks. The encouraging the the uh the
currency to ebb there. There we go. Uh
That's exactly what we're doing as far
as the equity markets go. Anyway, S&P
futures are in focus right now 410 to
1%. Reason that's important is we're
getting a lot of news coming through
state side, whether that's the Paramount
offer
coming through Netflix walking away.
There's the anthropic of course
conversation around the Pentagon.
All things equal, weaker Friday still up
for the week. As it pertains to the Asia
Pacific. Click the page please.
Bloomberg Dollar Index coming up. We're
looking at perhaps more progress as far
as US Iran nuclear talks and Brent is
coming off as you can see on your
screens. Gold is not doing anything at
the moment and as we approach the open A
50 futures are coming online. We're in
the thick of earning season. Lots to
unpack from yesterday. Lots to get into
as far as earnings today is concerned.
So we're looking at A 50 futures. That's
despite of course this down draft we're
seeing in the equity markets. We're
sinking deeper into bear market on the
Hang Seng Tech Index. We're looking at
outflows of via the stock connect. So
we'll see whether or not this the dip is
one to buy given what's taking place
across these markets.
>> Yeah, in terms of levels to watch we
still talk about the Shanghai Composite
that 4165 level which was a 10-year
high. Meanwhile, HS Tech right? We're
getting much closer to that 5,000
psychological threshold as well. So
we'll see if we break below that here
today as Dave mentioned as we sink
more into bear market territory. We talk
about the fakes. We'll see how that
pairs with what we saw from the PBOC
here today. We talked about Baidu, a
week set of earnings there. Sun Hung Kai
was good. CLP we'll talk a bit more
about the energy space and the like
here. Arashi Vision are also ones that
did report. And we're watching of course
Shing Yi Solar, New World coming up,
Sino Land as well. So more in the
property space and we wrap up of course
with some trade data out of Hong Kong
today.
>> Yep, all things on deck this Friday. The
red headline across the Bloomberg
terminal about a few minutes back. The
PBOC cutting the risk reserve
requirement of FX forward sales to zero.
What that means in simple English,
joining us here on set is Stephen Chiu,
of course, to help us unpack this latest
move coming through out of the PBOC.
Yeah, what is that in simple English?
>> Yeah, money. I'm not going to repeat
that term. In short, basically they're
lowering the cost to short the yuan or
to buy the dollars.
In simple English, basically to slow the
yuan gains. We saw the largest fixing
gap yesterday. Today our forecast
provided a fixing at 6.84. Very likely
we're going to get another record gap in
that fix, basically.
>> Okay.
The intention is very clear now what
what the the central banks want to do
here right now. But what does it mean
for the currency moving forward, you
think?
>> for now the gains will slow, so
obviously they're keeping fixed above
6.9, meaning spot around 6.8. And next
week we know it's the two sessions, and
usually historically China want a stable
currency during that period. So it's
very clear they want to slow the yuan
gain before that.
>> Uh there's a difference between
stabilizing and weakening the currency.
Medium-term does this slow the It slows
the ascent, but does it weaken the
currency against the basket is the
question, too.
>> I think for this year, at least we're
still seeing stronger currency against
both the dollar and the basket. But for
now it's slower. In the second quarter,
there could be some yuan weakness, but
it's all seasonality. Second half we're
going to see a regain many momentum in
appreciation.
>> Okay, Stephen. Thanks so much for
unpacking all that for us here today.
We'll see, of course, uh how the onshore
rate kind of reacts once things open up.
Stephen Chiu there, Bloomberg
Intelligence Chief Asia FX and Rates
Strategist. But first, uh we're talking
to you Hong Kong electricity provider
CLP, joining us to talk earnings and
business strategy amid an increasingly
complex energy landscape. Of course,
we've got to talk about AI and what this
means for the grid as well in Hong Kong.
And we're counting down to the open of
trade in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Hong
Kong. This is The China Show.
All right, we have a earnings sort of
theme here today. Of course we're
talking about Baidu shares. This is what
happened in the US overnight. So the
ADRs fell after a report of drop in
revenue for the third consecutive
quarter. For more of this bring in our
managing editor for Asia equities
Lanting too. She joins us from
Singapore. Lanting, it just seems like
Baidu can't you know, in some ways just
can't get this right. This sort of
aggressive pivot towards AI.
Uh tell us a little more about the
results.
>> Yeah, as you mentioned, it's pretty
weak. A drop in sales for the third
straight quarter. Overall investors see
that Baidu, which was an early AI winner
with its Ernie bot, is now falling
behind local rivals including Alibaba
and DeepSeek. The company unveiled its
latest Ernie model in November, but the
score assigned by an AI benchmarking
site was eclipsed by a long list of
local models. Uh of course Baidu also
has its ads business, but that business
also delivered quite weak results due to
a sluggish economy. Uh if you look at
its shares, there was a good amount of
excitement from September to January
with prices almost doubling, but they
have since given up about half of the
gains. One bright spot though I wanted
to highlight is Baidu's AI chip unit
Kunlun Shen. It's planning an IPO in
Hong Kong. We have reported that IPO
will be about $2 billion. So if that
deal goes well, that could like that
would likely uh give Baidu shares a
boost as well.
>> So Lanting, this is just another
soft front on the you know, the China
tech story that's really been I think
that you know, the prices yesterday, the
declines we had on Hang Seng tech really
took us deeper into bear market. How is
your team looking at coverage today?
What are the key points uh beyond the
earnings front here today?
>> Yeah, uh key points I would say They
very much earnings, but beyond that,
it's a mainland selling, right? Earnings
is really something that's, you know,
people are quite cautious about. Baidu,
obviously, was the first big China tech
name to report, and the weak results
doesn't bode well for the rest right
now, and for mainland investors,
attention has shifted to onshore
hardware names, where earnings have
materialized. So, HS Tech as an index,
we're closely watching, you know, the
whole 5,000 level, whether we're going
to break through that. As you mentioned,
it's falling deeper into bear market,
and if you look at monthly size and
scope, February is also going to be the
worst month for for HS Tech since 2024.
And mainly, it is about concerns over
earnings, over, you know, the kind of
price competition, and also, you know,
how the weak economy is really playing
out in not just the tech names, but
also, you know, in EV sales and many
other sort of sectors listed in that
index. So, yeah, and mainland investors,
of course, have been relentlessly
selling, and part of it is also they're
expecting potentially deep seek to
release some model, which could give
mainland hardware names a bit of a
boost.
>> Yeah, that's interesting. The that
ecosystem reported yesterday, of course,
around the upcoming deep seek release.
Lanting, thank you. Fantastic there in
certainly where the the winds are
blowing in favor of onshore equities at
the moment. Lanting to in Singapore
for us. Just a couple of notes on on
Baidu before we open, of course, today.
So, obviously, with a big decline
already in Hong Kong, which was
reflected in the ADR price action
overnight. We're looking at
We are By the way, can we get the Baidu
thing down? That's That's what That was
yesterday's drop here. That's very
confusing. But that said, okay, so we're
looking at
I didn't mean Can we get the full screen
up, please, again? Not the stock,
because the stock's not trading just
yet. Um so we're looking at Citi joining
us later on. Thank you so much.
Jefferies and their take there on the
operating profit beating estimates both
have a buy
recommendation there on the stock.
>> Yeah, we're going to talk to Alicia Yap
from Citi there uh just to break down
the earnings for us and she really talks
about, you know, the AI ventures are
going to be what's really going to be
that big offset given what's been
happening in the core advertising
business as well. Uh coming up though
next hour, that's where we're going to
see Alicia Yap, Citigroup Global Markets
Asia Managing Director and really ask
her what's going on with the China tech
space as well.
>> Yeah, what what are people missing here
uh because she does she does have of
course a fairly bullish call here on the
stock itself. Uh staying with the
earnings theme, Hong Kong power provider
CLP has reported net income for the full
year missing the street estimates. Uh
the company CEO, TK Chang, joins us here
on set to help us unpack the year that
was and the year that's likely ahead.
Very nice to see you. Good morning.
>> Hey, good morning.
>> Um slight drop in revenue.
3% if I'm not mistaken. Is there
anything beyond the headline that
markets should be aware of?
>> Yeah, I think overall speaking, we have
delivered a resilient performance, you
know, admit this increasingly complex
energy landscape. Uh Hong Kong business
has been performing very well. Uh but
more treated by the performance in China
and Australia because of market
pressure. Uh but overall speaking, I
think our balance sheet is very strong
and cash flow good. Uh so uh we have
also increased our dividend. Now, in
terms of China, I think the uh major
issue obviously is the uh uh downward
pressure on tariff uh uh because of the
new um you know, policy one document 136
uh from renewable energy and uh so going
forward actually we will be uh be more
selective in picking our projects uh
focusing on regions that are more
promising in terms of demand growth and
tariff level and also uh less risk of uh
network curtailments. Um so uh but we
are still very confident about the uh
opportunities in in China.
And uh you know
This year I think for nuclear I think
the downward tariff pressure is still
there.
But in terms of renewables
because last year actually the
wind resources has been historical low.
So this year I think it will be improved
as well as we have new projects you know
contributing to the to the profits.
>> Yeah, can you tell us a little more
about sort of how you're approaching the
overseas investment you know Where you
looking to expand then? I mean you're
being a bit more selective
and what are some of the new investment
opportunities that you're looking at
now?
>> Yeah. Now now first of all for overseas
obviously for Australia the performance
is not that you know good.
But we are we are taking two two steps.
One is to optimize our operating cost.
So we have embarked on a transformation
in you know cost optimization. Secondly
is that we are planning to replace the
customer platform so that we can have
you know further you know streamline our
operation as well as improve our
customer performance experience. So
that's for Australia and then on top of
course we want to look at other growth
opportunities and we are now looking at
for example Taiwan region and also
Southeast Asia.
>> The you alluded to the fact that
the the tariff environment has made it
tricky to select markets and you know
some of the better you know the
opportunities in the region. Do you
think we have more clarity now than we
did 12 months ago in terms of the where
the tariffs are going to be and what
rates they're going to be and how
they're going to affect a business like
yours?
>> Yeah, actually from a group strategy
perspective we want our you know profit
to be more predictable. So for example
in China last year we have already
secured four projects
that been
awarded the
what they call the mechanism tariff. So
you know for a tariff protection over 10
to 12 years.
Four projects total
about 1 gigawatt. So, that will give us
more certainty. And as I also mentioned,
you know, for example, in Australia, we
are also targeting battery storage
projects because the intraday volatility
of the wholesale market in Australia has
been increasing. So, with battery,
actually, we can stabilize our return
taking advantage of this, you know,
volatility.
>> Yeah.
>> Now, going to other markets like Taiwan
region or other
Southeast Asian countries, we are also
targeting those that can offer more
stable like PPA type of investments.
>> Okay.
You mentioned about China. I'm just
wondering we have the NPC next week.
And they should be setting up some sort
of 5-year plan when it comes to energy
policy. Do you have any sort of
expectations of of what could come out
and and what's going to be CLP's role in
all that in the next 5 years?
>> Yeah. I think based on the 15th 5-year
plan kind of
guidance, we all these we already see
that the commitment of the, you know,
Chinese government in decarbonization,
you know, has been consistent.
And the I would say the pledge from
President Xi about the absolute carbon
emission by 7 to 10%
from the peak level, you know, by 2035
is is a very promising because that will
that will mean that, you know, the
renewable energy development
opportunities in China will be good.
We'll see continue kind of opportunity.
And our appetite actually is is modest.
Last year, we only had
about 0.5 gigawatts. And this year, we
we are now having about 900 MW under
construction. So, out of this, you know,
huge kind of growth growth
opportunities, our our appetite actually
is very modest. So, we are well
positioned.
>> Right. And in terms of the the projects
that are currently being constructed or
in the pipeline, when do you when do you
expect to realize that as far as
financial gains are concerned? When does
that become realizable from a revenue
perspective?
>> Yeah. For those that are under
construction, actually, this year will
gradually be materialized because the
the lead time actually is about 1 year
or so.
>> Oh, is it? Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh so in terms of your guidance for the
year, just so last year was a slight
decline in revenues. I wonder if you can
share what your targets are for this
year.
>> Yeah. Now, overall speaking, I will not
give any any guidance, but in terms of
our, you know, outlook of the business,
for nuclear, I think the downward
pressure on tariff is still will still
will still be there, but we see
stabilizing signals about the the
decline.
And then for renewable assets, as I
mentioned,
the wind resources, I think will become
kind of like back to normal we expect
this year. And then because we have more
assets come come online, that will help,
you know, contribute to the profit.
>> We have to talk about AI and maybe how
that's changing the landscape for for US
CLP.
How do you see the development of these
data centers impacting electricity
consumption in Hong Kong? I mean, is
there really a concern that, you know,
this could really strain
the power grid like what we're seeing in
markets like the US?
>> Now, CLP actually has been, you know,
preparing this long-term planning. So we
have all the confidence and capability
of providing sufficient electricity to
support the AI development in Hong Kong.
For example, in the Northern Metropolis
where the government is now focusing on,
you know, developing, you know, it as a
like tech hub or an AI hub,
we already had three substations there
commissioned in 2024. So these three
substations actually is sufficient to
provide more like, you know, four to
five science park scale kind of
development. And over the longer term,
actually, we already planned to build
like 10 substations there. So we we have
all the confidence and capability to
support the
the development. Okay.
Go ahead. Sorry. Sorry. In in terms of
the data center you know,
demand growth, last year, the, you know,
just for data center, the growth is 7.5
7.5%.
So it's very very promising. And the
total amount of data center consumption
amounts to about more than 6% of our
total consumption in Hong Kong already.
So, we see this is a, you know, coming,
you know, growth. And and for example,
over the
the current 5-year development plan, we
plan for about 18 data centers.
So, we already have three come online on
in 2024, three in 2025. So, that means
we we are having like, you know, 12
coming.
>> You mentioned
10 substations are being planned. Have
you earmarked the financing for that? Is
that already part of the the budget
moving forward?
>> For that 10 substation, it's not in the
budget yet,
but we already plan ahead that we are
ready when it is required.
>> When it's required. Actually, my my my
bigger picture question to Yvonne's
point, right? So, markets, investors are
trying to triangulate how we're going to
power this AI drive. And from your from
your specific perch, what what is what
is the most ideal energy mix there based
on your experience?
>> No, I think going forward, definitely,
we we need to reach carbon neutrality
because that's the target of the Hong
Kong government. By 2050, we have to
achieve, you know, carbon neutrality.
That's also our, you know, vision of the
CLP Group. So, another interim target is
to,
you know, have 60 to 70% of zero carbon
energy in our generation mix by 2035.
And and you know, to achieve this,
actually, our plan is to import zero
carbon energy from Guangdong, you know,
to Hong Kong. And the government is now
working on
with the central government
because the plan, you know, Hong Kong,
actually, we do not have much resources
in like renewable energy. So, in order
to maintain, you know, say stability of
the supply, so our target actually is to
import, you know, mostly nuclear, you
know, from from Guangdong.
>> You you talked about battery storage. I
want to get your take on that given that
you just won that contract in Australia.
Why is Australia a good market for
battery storage is one question. And and
have you think we've reached an
inflection point where battery storage
is going to be really, you know,
skyrocket in ways and and deployed
pretty exponentially moving forward? I
mean, what's your vision for that?
>> Yeah. Now, in Australia, because one of
the reasons is because of the
proliferation of the renewable energy,
in in particular the rooftop solar. So,
you can see the intraday, you know,
wholesale price volatility has been
increasing over the past few years. So,
in order to basically leverage on this,
you know, intraday volatility, having
battery storage will capture the value.
So, that that's one
issue. The other one is
Overall speaking, I do still see gas
generation still have a role to play in
Australia.
>> Okay.
>> So, right now in our portfolio in
Australia, we have our gas fleet. So,
going forward actually, we will not
exclude gas generation in the future
portfolio.
>> TK, it's great to have you. TK there,
CEO of CLP joining us here on back of
their earnings and talking the outlook,
of course, for China, Australia, and
Hong Kong as well. Talk about more in
terms of the earning side of things.
Baidu was certainly still the key focus
here today. We're seeing in the
premarket, there you go, shares down by
about 1% after we did see a third
consecutive quarter of disappointment, I
guess, when it comes to the whole AI
deployment as well. Premarket is looking
like this in Hong Kong. Obviously, we
would digesting some of the earnings
coming through from Sun Hung Kai, the
property space and the like here. Hang
Seng is up. Futures are still slightly
lower in China today and 68592 continue
to see a cooling in this RMB rally here
today after what we heard from the PBOC.
Make it a bit easier, I guess, cheaper
to short the currency. Stay more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
>> Right. Welcome back as we approach the
opening bell here. We're looking at
slight gains across the Hang Seng Tech
Index and we need those gains given, of
course, the trajectory recently from
October 2 down to currently the last
close.
So, we were down over over 2% yesterday.
In fact, we're down now 23% from uh,
that specific peak, which now actually
puts this 5,000 level, nice whole round
number, very much in focus. Now, it
doesn't seem we'll get there today,
we'll see. Now, that will depend on
flows, demand, and buying, whether
there's a dip dip to buy because
certainly the big incremental buyer that
had driven up that market going into the
October 2 peak has disappeared the last
2 days or so. We're looking at
southbound flows have been negative for
2 straight days. The last time we had
that was way back here, but as you can
see that selling has picked up recently,
so we'll see how that number looks going
into the session today. Maybe a weaker
Chinese currency makes that more
encouraging and inspiring.
>> Maybe, right? You take a look at what we
saw from the PBOC, and you're already
seeing that knee-jerk reaction from
traders when it comes to the offshore
rate on the back, of course, of them
cutting this risk reserve requirement on
FX for sales to zero. Wow, say that 10
times. Basically, it just means they're
they're cutting costs to short the
currency, and there you go. You did see
a little bit of a
flip up when it when it comes to a
dollar China here today. So, China's
slow, of course, the advance that we've
seen in the renminbi. That fix that we
saw today also, a pretty wide gap once
again when it comes to the weaker fix
that we saw from PBOC here this morning
as well. Hong Kong opens up, China opens
up in about 3 4 minutes time. Premarket
is looking slightly more better mood
here as we wrap up the trading week.
Asia stack, as they mentioned, slightly
up this morning. The open is next.
Welcome back. Good morning. Happy Friday
from the Asia Pacific. We are
approaching the final session of the
week. It's we're getting into the thick
of earning season. We've had a ton of
earnings coming through already. We
talked about Nvidia, Baidu's course
going to be on deck as As as market
reaction goes. A new world is actually
in focus today here in Hong Kong given
of course
the upward momentum we've seen in in the
sector in the stock itself and really
what they say about the operating
environment. But yes, apart from that,
it's looking like we're going to open
slightly higher here.
>> Yeah, looking like we could wrap up a
pretty decent I mean I would like to say
it's a bit of a quiet day, but yes,
we're we're trading slightly higher. But
as you mentioned, we have seen what it
comes those southbound flows have been
trading net negative or at least net
selling in the last 2 days. We'll see if
we get day three of that as well. But
certainly has been a change in sentiment
around mainland investors. They seem to
be more favorable of onshore markets
these days. But there you go. This is
what we're seeing on this Friday
morning. CSI 300 to the downside about
6/10 of 1%. We're watching very closely
of course the currency just given what
we saw with the PBOC, right? So
making it a little cheaper I guess to
short the currency and to try to at
least take the air out out of this RMB
rally that perhaps is not just a one-way
bet. That is the message I guess to
traders here this morning. So we did see
a bit of a knee-jerk reaction in the
offshore rate. We'll wait a few seconds
for the onshore rate to kick in to see
the reaction for that so far. But we're
watching very closely what happens when
it comes to a Capricorn Tech. Look at
it. We're we're down another 2%. It's
interesting yesterday, right? So there
was a lot of talk about deep seek and
Reuters reporting yesterday around this
time that perhaps the you know the in
anticipation of this latest model and
the release of that perhaps Nvidia was
not part of that
or they're keeping it away from from
Nvidia. So that certainly helps the
whole all these national champions like
Capricorn Tech. There was also some
speculation about internal sales targets
as well that did send the stock higher.
So we're seeing it come off of here
right now for the stock. CATL's also
lower by about 6/10 of 1%. We're still
continuing to watch of course the whole
Zimbabwe situation and what that means
for lithium and that export ban. So
there you go. That's the story here
today. Not a whole lot of conviction in
some of the consumer names like Kweichow
Moutai or the like here. Shanghai
Composite of course we're still watching
whether we do hit those 10-year highs
here today. Uh take a look at what it
comes to Hong Kong. Uh we are talking
about earnings, as we talked about, so
certainly Baidu is a big one in focus
here today, but we thought from Sun Hung
Kai was looking pretty good as well. The
property space continues to do very
well. We're still up about 3/4 of 1% for
Hang Seng Property here, that benchmark.
And then we're taking a look at offshore
yuan and RMB, there you go. 685.90,
right? Steven Chu uh from Bloomberg
Intelligence says, "Look, uh they're
setting the the fixings of above 690
now. Uh so the gap has been watered with
what the estimates have been, and now
you have this latest move uh does show
that maybe we're going to see a slowing,
of course, of of the advance that we've
seen in the RMB, and maybe 680, he says,
is that red line. Um you take a look at
what it comes to Baidu as well. Not
seeing a huge reaction like we did with
the ADRs after their earnings came out
yesterday, um but certainly there is a
lot of questions now of the overall
business model, right? You know, whether
it is uh AI and the the aggressive sort
of pivot that we saw in the company,
still not quite playing out when it
comes to generating sort of returns or
on growth. Uh and it really is, in ways,
it's cannibalizing its core business,
which is advertising and search, right?
So, what moving forward, what does this
mean for the company, and how can it
really restore confidence? The stock has
definitely been quite heavy these days.
You take a look at what it comes to the
earnings side of things, it's not just
Baidu, we talked about Sun Hung Kai, uh
still one of the key ones, I guess, in
terms of looking and and tracking this
recovery that we've seen uh in the
property market in Hong Kong. There you
go. The stock up some 2% here after we
did see, of course, that 17% growth in
the first half underlying profit. Uh
Hong Kong Exchange as well, of course,
given the IPO pipeline, everything has
been strong. We have our interview uh
with Bonnie Chan coming up as well. And
CLP uh did see a bit of a miss there
when it comes to the earnings, uh the
stock just slightly down. Dave, you're
watching uh you know, the GoPro and
Arashi Vision sort of story that's
unfolding right now, too.
>> Yeah, so Arashi Vision does business
that the more familiar name, perhaps,
for consumers is Insta uh 360, and the
story, of course, is this patent dispute
that has been ruled in favor of GoPro
winning some US limits to some Insta360
cameras in terms of being imported in
into the US on patent uh in design
patent infringement specifically. Shares
are down slightly 1.4%. We'll continue
to track the story there. Okay, we'll
set the story that one aside for now.
We'll zoom back out big picture tariff
uncertainty earlier in the week after
President Trump's levies were struck
down by the US Supreme Court. Let's dig
deeper into the outlook, the impact
potentially on Asia Pacific with our
co-anchor Sherry Ann who joins us with
our next guest. Sherry.
>> Yeah, it's really interesting because
the Asian Development Bank just recently
had upgraded the forecast for developing
Asia based on the fact that we saw
reduced trade uncertainty. Well, that
has changed and who best to talk about
all of this joining us now from Manila
is Masatsugu Kanda. He's president of
the Asian Development Bank and he was
also former chief of currency here in
Japan. Kanda-san, great to have you with
us. I mean, as I mentioned, the trade
uncertainty is coming back up again with
new tariff threats coming from President
Trump. How does this change things for
developing Asia?
>> Yeah, thank you very much dear for
having me and nice to meet you again,
Sherry. Yes, indeed, the uncertainty is
not a good so particularly the
uncertainty and unpredictability
of the trade policy
operates like tax upon
planning.
Sherry, you can't make a rational
decision on the pricing or sourcing or
procurement
uh you know, with this kind of the uh
tag moving target every day. So, it
would dampen delay investment and they
are increase their risk premium
deteriorating the financial market. So,
this is not so good. So, really
we need the stability and predictability
of the policy regime. And in addition,
another thing
Asia is facing is of course the
geopolitical tension heightening which
will be dumping their risk appetite and
also may increase the commodity prices
like in the case of the Russian invasion
to Ukraine.
>> Yeah, who will hurt the most from
geopolitical and also trade uncertainty
being heightened now?
>> Yeah, actually everyone particularly
innocent people will be affected by
this. So, you know, geopolitical tension
and particularly
the material conflict
of course in addition to the
loss of lives which is really
unfortunate, but you know,
basically the economic growth
particularly you know, the inclusive and
sustainable growth needs the stability
of geopolitics. You know, the peace
is the prerequisite
for the global economy which will affect
everyone in the world.
>> And also what we're seeing these days is
financial market stability as well which
the Asian Development Bank has said is
really key when it comes to developing
Asia. So, how much of it is actually
stemming also from the Japanese markets
itself?
>> Yeah, yes.
First of all, for Asian markets, you
know, they they are much more robust and
resilient if you compare to the days in
the Asian financial crisis. ADB has
supported deepening their domestic
financial market and diversifying their
our
and their own economies and the regional
connectivity
is
boosting their resilience. And
for Japan, there there are many many
impact on it, but anyway, I think in
this
days of the high unpredictability,
the best insurance policy against the
external shocks
and the speculative attacks is the
maintenance of the prudent macroeconomic
policy including fiscal, monetary, and
structural reform.
And most important thing is market
confidence.
>> Yes, I think
>> maintaining that micro prudential
stability that you're talking about?
>> Yeah, that's really the attention the
global investors are watching it, but
you know, I really appreciate for
instance their Prime Minister Kishida's
statement on the February 9th just after
the landslide victory for the ruling
party
committing their
responsible fiscal policies to ensure
market confidence. This is
I think they were welcomed by the global
market and as long as it is implemented
rigorously, I think it you know, it can
increase the market confidence and
stabilize the economy.
>> At the same time, we continue to get
indications that perhaps there might be
more pressure on the Bank of Japan to
hike more slowly especially given the
reflationist BOJ board members that have
been nominated. Will this be a problem
just more broadly to the rest of the
world as we have seen the JGB meltdown,
the yen volatility also spillover to
other markets?
>> Um obviously, I can't talk about the
specific monetary policies of any
countries, but in general, for instance,
they are you know persistent
um negative real interest rate rather
deep for long time is not good for the
market economy to function. And they
still remaining the interest gap uh with
the Fed and they perceived rather
gradual
uh shift in the BOJ rate um might have
the some effect on the exchange rates,
but the market
forex market, but uh the uh
central bank is focusing on the price
stability. And the price stability, of
course, is
uh
affected by many things, including the
impact of the imported inflation through
the exchange rate fluctuation. So, but
the most important thing is the uh
central bank decision is a sort of
correct collective decision by nine wise
men and women, and we really expect the
very good decision, particularly based
upon data. Data-driven decision is very
much important.
>> And it's not just Japan, right? I mean,
we're talking about many other Asian
economies that the ADB also covers that
are seeing currencies pressured, whether
it's the rupee or the Korean won as
well. And we've seen authorities step in
and intervene in the currency space. As
an official who has actually done this
in the past, uh what's the impact and
effectiveness of doing that?
>> Yeah, I think uh as I mentioned today,
the economies and the uh macro economic
position
is much better than before. And the for
instance, the accumulation of foreign
reserves and they are much freer
market for forex. And the most
importantly, the diversification
of the economy and deepening deepening
of their own domestic market,
particularly the local currency, is
really a good protection for these
external shocks. So, we are very much
confident that
we can have a rather stable financial
in Asia and ADB is strongly supporting
these efforts.
>> Kanda-san, before we let you go, right
now the focus is very much on how
artificial intelligence will change the
global economy, whether it's really
helping with labor shortages that some
of these Asian economies suffer from, or
also at the same time, the inflationary
pressures that we're seeing just because
of memory chip prices surging at the
moment. How is the ADB calculating the
net impact and really how it could be a
game-changer for developing Asia?
>> Yeah, thank you. This is really
rather
I think the biggest topic for me. And it
is really a fashion everywhere.
People are talking about the impact of
AI.
You know, there are many many
implications, but the most important
things among others are two things. One
is of course the productivity gain. It
is the game-changer to you know, leap
give a opportunity for the most
vulnerable people to leapfrog. For
instance, the financial inclusion or for
the handicap to access to the
productivity. But on the other hand, as
you rightly mentioned, there is a fear
of the massive job replacement and
unemployment may
destabilize the society. So, what we
need is
of course that there are many things
among others the education and skills
for people not be in slavery or the
redundancy vis-a-vis machines, but
continue to be the master of the
machines.
>> Mhm.
>> Masatsugu Asakawa, really good to have
this conversation with you at a very
timely time. Thank you very much. He's
the president of Asian Development Bank.
Yvonne, as I hand it over to you of
course
with a look at the markets as well.
>> Yep. All right, great interview there.
Thanks, Sherry. Of course, for bringing
that for us from the ADB. Uh we're
continuing on the earnings front as well
when it comes to Hong Kong Exchange.
Now, earnings released yesterday show
that full-year net income beating the
street and it posted a 15% gain as a
flood of Chinese companies look to list
here in Hong Kong. You see the shares up
some 1% this morning. The CEO, Bonnie
Chan, says the city's IPO pipeline is
diversified enough to withstand market
volatility amid fears of an AI bubble.
>> So, I have 25% of last year's fund
raised done on the IPO front and the
same applies to follow-on offerings. We
have already
completed close to 25% of what we did we
did last year. So,
too early to prejudge how the rest of
the year is going to pan out, but as you
know, we have a
very solid pipeline as well. So,
hopefully the momentum can continue.
>> I always ask you the question about the
pipeline. How does the pipeline shaping
up? I think
your chairman talked about as many as
in the pipeline. By December, you had
queued up ready to go. What's it look
like right now?
>> From a diversity point of view, I'm very
very excited.
>> How so? Because it's been really
concentrated in the new technology and
AI has been the driver of this growth.
>> Well, AI is certainly still very much
sought after by global investors and as
that being the case, you know,
understandably a good part of my
pipeline
will be attributed to technology
company, but even within technology it's
not just one thing, right? We are
talking about AI, we are talking about
new energy, we are talking about
biotechnology. So, even within the
technology basket, it's it's pretty
diverse.
>> How concerned are you that if there is a
bubble sort of deflating in AI in the
United States, lots of concerns about
return on investments in the big AI
companies in the United States,
um are you concerned that that will also
spill over and have a negative dampening
effect in Hong Kong, which has so far
been pretty
you know, um buoyant, obviously. Not
only the like a MiniMax,
a language model, but also, of course,
the hardware players.
>> Yeah. I mean, there's certainly a lot of
talk about this so-called AI bubble. Um
but going back to my earlier point, I
think I I um do take comfort to an
extent from the fact that our pipeline
and in fact our listed company
population is pretty diverse. Um
you know, each market is a little
different in terms of, you know, how how
much they have embedded AI into their
listed companies uh population. But I
would say that, you know, Hong Kong we
are showing a more diverse uh lay of
land. Um if you think about the best
performing sector,
uh largely in Hong Kong, it's
biotechnology.
Um and so, I think if we continue to
work on this diversity,
uh
um we certainly will be in a better
position to ride through these ups and
downs.
>> There we go. Bonnie Chan, of course, the
CEO of HKX with Stephen Engle there uh
on the back of earnings and that's uh
evergreen question and conversation
around the
rich pipeline
of listings. Right, you can get an
insider's guide to the money and people
shaking up the finance hub Hong Kong
Edition newsletter out every Thursday.
Very budget heavy the version this week
and in fact coming up here in the China
show we have Clara Chan the CEO of the
Hong Kong Investment Corporation coming
through.
>> Yeah, they just got a bit of a injection
of capital from that Hong Kong budget.
So certainly going to ask her where she
plans to deploy that money as well.
Bloomberg.com/newsletters
that's where you get it. This is
Bloomberg.
>> Right, we're looking at the reaction in
shares of Netflix and reminds me of that
Craig David classic walking away
from that
>> That one I know.
>> You know that one, right?
>> actually yesterday was a bit of a
stretch.
I had to bring up that one again.
>> It it's the I think it's the greatest
rom-com ever. But that's that that that
that I believe is actually on Netflix if
I'm not mistaken.
>> It is.
>> Yeah, the bidding war has ended. Netflix
dropping out of the battle. Let's get
Manuel Baigorri here to take us through
the details and why they now refuse to
raise their bid there.
>> David, what are we going to do with this
saga coming to an end?
It's like kept us so busy and
entertained for so long.
Yeah, I mean as with any deal there is
an outcome and obviously now Warner
Brothers you know admitted that
the offer from Paramount is is superior
and that they will endorse that one and
they'll go ahead
and and try finalize a deal with them.
Obviously Paramount's latest offer $31 a
share with all the tweaks and sweeteners
that they added to it obviously made it
very very compelling
compared to the agreement that they had
uh the table with Netflix and uh ended
the whole thing. Uh this uh bidding war
for sure. And shareholders uh you saw
the reaction uh reacted quite well on on
both sides.
>> Netflix investors that they walked away.
Uh maybe it makes it a little bit easier
to walk away as well. But but what comes
next obviously is the regulatory side of
things. Are we likely to see the
Paramount uh sort of deal go through?
>> Yeah, uh that's a great question Yvonne
and I mean we've seen the executives of
all the companies spending a lot of time
in Washington lobbying and meeting with
all the top uh politicians and
regulators and trying to uh pave the way
for this deal because it creates such a
humongous company uh in an already very
consolidated industry. It's going to
have a lot of impact on consumers not
just in the US but globally. So and
anti-trust regulators for sure will take
uh a keep you know a close eye on this
transaction and and there is a lot of
questions around whether or not they
will be able to proceed and to complete
this transaction sentence. We uh tend to
forget about how complex deals get when
it comes to the regulatory approvals
after they get announced or agreed. Uh
but actually there is a lot of work that
needs to get done after that until the
completion, right? So we'll we'll we'll
see. Uh but definitely it's going to
draw a lot of scrutiny and and and
politicians will talk a lot about it in
the coming months.
>> All right. Manuel thank you Manuel Bal
Gori there on the latest uh on this saga
perhaps coming to an end as well. Um if
you want to check out and rewatch of
course all the things going on you got
to check out our video hub Bloomberg
video hub. There is a subscriber to
explore live streaming news and
interviews all our Bloomberg TV shows,
documentaries, reporter analysis and
more. Check it out at
bloomberg.com/videos.
>> All right, checking markets here.
Watching Meituan in particular. A little
upside when it comes to the stock here.
There's been some reports that Ke Ta,
this is the food delivery app controlled
by Meituan, has postponed the start of
its operations in Brazil as it claims
competitors created distortions in that
market. The stock is slightly up here
today. We're also watching oil just
given that we're, you know, approaching
these nuclear talks planned around Iran
and the like. Um and of course as US
forces gather, oil has been steadying a
little bit now, but Brent traded below
around 71 bucks here. Shanghai crude is
also just slightly to downside. So oil
stocks are heading slightly lower here
today. PetroChina down about 1.7% as
well.
>> All right, coming up in the second half
of the China show, we will further the
discussions around Baidu and the
earnings and whether or not the markets
are overly pessimistic over the stock
there.
Uh we'll ask Alicia Yap uh what she
makes of the earnings and why the market
seems quite disturbed around the tech
space there. Plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
>> Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the HSI just a half hour into
the session and happy Friday. Markets
are, you know, modestly higher here this
morning. At least we're seeing HS Tech
catch a break here just given how, you
know, the last couple sessions have
really been sinking further into bear
market territory. We are seeing a little
bit more upside here today. A little bit
more momentum. Well, of course we're
still tracking the southbound flows here
this morning as well. There's been some
earnings to tell you about as well.
Baidu, uh that certainly has been one
thing. Interesting that the market
reaction has been modest compared to
what we saw uh in the US overnight as
well. But we're watching, of course, uh
those big themes here today when it
comes to AI.
>> Yeah, including so we talked about Craig
David, right? Let me take you further
back. Do you remember Barbara Streisand?
>> aging You are aging yourself even more.
Okay, yes.
>> memory Barbara Streisand, yeah. That's
the theme. That's the theme. The
shortage of memory
that's driven up the likes of Samsung is
hitting the mobile phone angle to
Samsung.
>> Yeah.
>> 5% and this bombshell according to Smart
Karma
seen in Smart Karma of course at IDC
dropped in as far as this memory chip
crisis is concerned. So, smartphone
makers as you can see in that supply
chain is getting absolutely whacked
today.
And for once, you know, for once Korea
is actually down. We'll see whether or
not we end of course in
in the red today. There we go. Korea's
down about 2%. That's largely a Samsung
story. The rest of the markets are
actually doing okay.
Asian equities, there we go. That's a
nice statistic for you. The best Feb
ever. There we go.
In fact, I think with the exception of
the one week
we have been seeing weekly gains in the
Asia Pacific benchmark nearly every
single week going back to going back to
mid-December. Okay, the big news coming
through the currency markets is the PBOC
making it cheaper to hedge
which means it's encouraging perhaps not
one-way bets in for in favor of a
stronger currency to hence the the
weaker print right now on dollar China
there.
>> Yeah, then we saw that pretty weak fix
as well. And yes, as as we just flashed
that headline, it was that gap between
estimates and what the PBOC actually did
put in that fix was quite wide a record
once again. So, again, multiple sort of
tools and ways of showing what the
PBOC's intention is of of cooling down
the the rapid ascent of the currency.
We're still holding on that 6.85 level
here right now. Another stock to watch
today is Baidu. Interestingly enough,
we're actually coming off some of the
initial losses for the stock here. We're
just slightly to the downside here in
Hong Kong
after it reported a drop in in revenue
for the third consecutive quarter.
Joining us now is Alicia Yap, managing
director and head of Pan-Asia internet
research at Citigroup Global Markets
Asia. She just adjusted her price target
for Baidu's US ADRs by $2 to 188. As we
were just introducing you, they were
they basically reversed all their losses
here. Uh we're flat for the stock here
right now, but there still seems to be a
lot of concerns around the AI
transition.
>> Mhm.
>> What what do you tell investors about
that? You know, is there any way that
this company can regain confidence once
again?
>> Um on the legacy search business, I
think we still haven't seen that yet,
unfortunately. And even for this
quarter, they actually um refrained from
disclosing, you know, the uh legacy
Baidu core advertising revenue, as well.
So, seems like they wanted to divert
investor attention to like gradually
forget about their legacy business and
then focusing on the AI business, uh
which actually is is doing, you know,
pretty well on the AI um infra cloud
revenues. All this is is doing well.
Yeah, but unfortunately, the transitions
from the legacy search uh is very
different from, I think, you know, what
we see for Google.
>> What Why is that? Can you explain?
>> Um I would say is it is more the China
issue, actually be even before um the
AI, um Baidu has been under a lot of
pressure by uh the super app environment
in China, right? And then people has not
been really using
Yeah.
>> Short videos, uh WeChat, um the Little
Red Book. Um people hasn't been really
using uh Baidu that much even before the
AI disruptions. And then now that you
have all these chatbots that is
replacing kind of like the search
functions, like people do go and chat uh
and then search for information,
discovering information, and all that.
So, that's make it another layers of the
disruptions that they are seeing.
>> That doesn't seem to be a positive
story.
Why then do you have a buy
recommendation on the stock? Let me just
ask you that direct question.
>> All right, very good questions. Um we
always get that questions. Um, but I
think one thing is on valuation.
>> Okay.
>> Uh, if you look at, uh, their net cash
which they, uh, disclose and including
all the long-term asset which is liquid,
>> Mhm.
>> um, is actually about 42 billion US
dollars.
>> Okay.
>> It's a lot of money.
>> It's a lot of money. And then, uh, on
top of it, um, they have to Kunlun Sing,
uh, Kunlun Chip which is actually, uh,
in the process of, uh, getting to spin
off IPO.
And then, uh, their cloud
infrastructure, their Ernie, uh, which
is their LLM. Um, all this is actually
generating, you know, okay, decent,
small, you know, rising revenue. Uh, so
this is probably like at least even if
you put the legacy search business at
zero value, um, it is still, you know,
not necessarily trading at the current
value which we still think is
undervalued at this point. Yeah,
especially with the recent sell-off as
well.
>> Yeah, tell tell them more about the AI
ventures. I mean, this When do you
expect things to really kind of
meaningfully kind of drive revenue? Um,
cuz these seem to be quite unprofitable
businesses so far. I mean, how what's
the timeline in your eyes on when we can
really see that play out in the
earnings?
>> Um, you mean entire AI revenue or the
legacy
>> just the ventures that they've, whether
it's
I mean,
you know, robo taxis, the cloud, you
know, all those things that we've seen.
>> The new stuff, the new stuff because you
mentioned investors are getting
impatient. They they keep looking at the
legacy business and waiting for that to
change while this other new front picks
up. When does this become
dominant enough that investors can in
fact ignore what's happening on this
side?
>> Yeah, so I think they did disclose, um,
previously that the cloud itself is
already profitable.
>> Mhm.
>> So, okay. Which I think, um, the same
thing for chips, right? Um, it's
actually could be a very high margin
business, right? You can reference that
to Nvidia's in in of like the designs
and all that's, okay? and then we
scalability. So, there could be actually
a pretty decent profit revenue stream.
On the autonomous, the robot taxi,
um there is a certain city is already
reaching uh unit economics break even.
So, as a whole, it is still loss-making.
But then city by city, uh couple cities
is already like, you know, reaching
that. Like, for example, Wuhan, which
they previously disclosed. And then
yesterday they did mention that uh in
the coming future, they hope that a few
more cities will be also reaching the
unit economics break even by city.
>> Okay.
>> Then as a entire venture, I think it
could be a few years um
that we can see eventually break even
for robot taxi.
Um so then uh so if you look at the
entire new business, it's actually not
too bad in terms of the drag on the
profit. It's just that actually because
of the legacy business, which is a
high-margin business, that is a
declining. Um previously, it's been like
three, four quarters consecutively
double-digit year-over-year decline.
>> Yeah.
>> And we still model it will be declining
for this year.
>> Same pace? Same pace?
>> Uh it will be uh narrowing in terms of
the loss, like the year-over-year
decline, but it's still loss-making. I
mean, like negative growth. So, that is
a big drag on the profit.
>> How how do you look at the AI
competition in China now? Because we've
seen the likes of Tencent, ByteDance,
Alibaba. They're really starting to
narrow the gap with Baidu. And then you
have some of these sort of pure plays
like, you know, the Momenta,
Deepu, Minimax is out there.
How does all that stack up to you? Who's
really kind of leading right now?
>> Um this is my preliminary thoughts about
it because I think obviously the
pure play standalones is good that it
got a lot of attentions and all that.
But I still feel if you kind of
referencing back to what some of the you
know, big tech company like Baba they
are doing is that I think people has
been under appreciating what they've
been doing because at the end of the day
this is a very
you know capital intensive investment.
So you actually need your core existing
core business to actually generate cash
flow for you to continue to keep
investing. And then you also need the
infrastructure and then you need the
models you the chips. So I actually feel
that Baba actually have the entire
change of that, right? So they have the
cloud infrastructure, they have they do
have their own chips and then they have
the model coin which is pretty good,
right? And then they have the core
business which they can also apply the
model with the applications on that,
right? The agenda eight commerce or
agenda eight like transactions or this.
So
at the end of the day I actually feel
the the whole scope like the mega tech
company will still be one of the
beneficial.
I think people currently put a lot of
negative retro from the US and how all
this AI
you know trade has been but I actually
feel not China to start with valuation
is not as expensive as in the US, right?
Then with this sell off is actually
becoming even compelling, right? In
terms of valuation and if you really
wanted to apply a certain you know
valuation let's say the model coin
should that worth a certain valuations
on that. We actually don't have a
separate valuations for Baba on our sum
of the part. So if people actually
wanted to give like some credits on to
it then I think it's you know current
level is definitely under value.
>> Okay, this is this is Alibaba generally.
Okay, and you just so you don't do some
of parts in Alibaba?
>> We do.
>> Oh, you do. Okay, you do. Okay, just
>> But we don't split we have a cloud,
right?
>> Yes, but you don't do the the the LLM?
>> Yeah, not separately. This is all a
bundle inside the cloud.
>> But so like my question is
away from the fundamental story of of
Baidu and it seems that to point, right?
There's a sell off taking place,
valuations are more compelling to in
your view.
What is the mood like among investors,
the people that you speak with, as you
sell the fundamental story? What do they
not seem to be buying into? And what why
are they so risk-averse right now on the
sector?
>> Yeah, so if you look at um
I think a month or 2 months ago, Baidu
was actually outperforming pretty well,
okay? I think partly because I think
people buy into the Kunlun Chips
spin-off, right, with the valuation uh
unlocking. And then there's also um
companies in um trying to be more
friendly on the shareholder returns in
terms of the buyback. And also they
announced that they will be paying a
dividend sometime this year.
>> They didn't though this one this time.
They announced it but they didn't do it
they didn't do it
>> Yeah, they they announced it it's a new
policy that they will pay dividend for
the first time and it will be paid out
within 2026.
>> Oh, okay.
>> So then they announced it like a few
weeks before, then there was some
expectation yesterday because of the
year-end result, then ideally you would
announce a dividend, right, on the
year-end
>> coming out of the new year, right?
People are expecting the red packets,
right? Anyway, back to
>> Yes, exactly. Um so then I think that
was a little bit of the disappointment,
that's why ADR share was a little bit uh
weak yesterday. Um but my sense is
potentially May
uh when they report the first Q result,
then you kind of like, you know,
conclude the full year, then you would
know how much you would wanted to pay
potentially. If not, I think maybe
August, depending on um if they wanted
to pay just a cash dividend or
potentially cash plus the share dividend
as well.
>> Okay. Um
I'm sure you're getting a lot of
questions about AI. It seems like the
preferences from investors in this
region is is really the Koreas, the
Taiwans, the the chip sector that, you
know, when IDC's calling it a crisis,
you know, I'm I'm just going to buy
memory. What's the counter argument to
that?
>> Um now, first we understand why
investors are of chasing that because
seems like people think that the supply
chain because under the constraints so
the pricing powers is on them and then
versus the downstream like the one that
actually you know buying and operate so
the margin will be compressed and they
have to
step up on the spending on the capex so
that is a margin the investment issue
okay so I would say the counter argument
point is that there is a mismatch on the
timing of the revenue and the investment
phase because if you don't invest how
can you get faster revenue growth right
so I think people need to be patient but
unfortunately it's hard to tell people
that oh you guys have to be patient
right so even like in the US if you see
that why all these like big you know
company they step up all the capex right
announcement the you know this like past
few weeks
so I actually feel that sends the share
price
down because people worry about
the return on the investment right
>> Are you are you confident that that's
going to come the based on because you
listen into these earnings calls right
and you wonder what the tone of
management is around being this
long-term story around the short-term
short-sided market
>> I'm confident it's going to become but
it's just that it's hard to quantify the
actual investment that you put in
currently is the exact you know upside
that you going to get because you you
probably need to
you know kind of like put it a longer
time frame because if you don't invest
you your revenues probably maybe
declining or you you know
not as competitive right so I think if
you're investing at least you are stay
up you know with the market and then
potentially all these revenues that will
come
>> Alicia it's great to have you thank you
so much for joining us Alicia they're
managing director and head of Pan Asia
internet research at City Group Global
Markets Asia
>> Right staying on earnings Hong Kong Hong
Kong Exchange posting this 15% gain in
net income reaching 555 million dollars
uh in the three months ending in
December. Uh the exchange has seen a
flood of Chinese firms looking to sell
their shares in the city. Uh you have
core revenue up 11% for the quarter
while equity trading jumped 22%.
>> Yeah, Hong Kong Exchange CEO Bonnie Chan
says a diverse range of IPOs can help
cushion the city against risks of an AI
bubble and she says the year started
strong.
>> So, I have 25% of last year's fund
raised done on the IPO front and the
same applies to follow-on offerings. We
have already
uh completed uh close to 25% of what uh
we did we did last year. So, um too
early to prejudge how the rest of the
year is going to pan out, but as you
know, we have a
uh very solid pipeline as well. So,
hopefully the momentum can continue.
>> I always ask you the question about the
pipeline. How does the pipeline uh
shaping up? I think uh
your chairman talked about as many as
in the pipeline. By December, you had
queued up ready to go. What's it look
like right now?
>> From a diversity point of view, I'm
very, very excited.
>> How so? Because it's been really
concentrated in the new technology and
AI has been the driver of this growth.
>> Well, AI is certainly still very much
sought after by global investors and as
that being the case, you know,
understandably a good part of my
pipeline
uh will be attributed to technology
company, but even within technology,
it's not just one thing, right? We're
talking about AI, we're talking about
new energy, we're talking about
biotechnology. So, even within the
technology basket, it's it's pretty
diverse.
>> How concerned are you that if there is a
bubble sort of deflating in AI in the
United States, lots of concerns about
return on investments in the big AI
companies in the United States.
Are you concerned that that will also
spill over and have a negative dampening
effect in Hong Kong, which has so far
been pretty
you know, buoyant, obviously. Not only
the like a mini maxer
a language model, but also of course the
hardware players.
>> Yeah. I mean there's certainly a lot of
talk about this so-called AI bubble.
But going back to my earlier point, I
think I
do take comfort to an extent from the
fact that our pipeline and in fact our
listed company population is pretty
diverse.
You know, each market is a little
different in terms of you know, how how
much they have embedded AI into their
listed companies population. But I would
say that you know, Hong Kong we are
showing a more diverse lay of land.
If you think about the best performing
sector
largely in Hong Kong, it's
biotechnology.
And so I think if we continue to work on
this diversity,
we certainly will be in a better
position to ride through these ups and
downs.
>> That was Bonnie Chan there of course
Hong Kong Exchange CEO with Stephen
Engle. Right just ahead here on the
China show, Xi Jinping's military purge
continues this time with nine lawmakers
removed from China's national
parliament. The details coming up next.
This is Bloomberg.
Welcome back. You're watching the China
show. An update here. One of the big
stories we're tracking. You have China
removing nine military lawmakers from
its national parliament in this latest
sign that President Xi Jinping's purge
of key defense establishment personnel
continues to widen. Let's bring in our
China correspondent Winnie Lo on how
serious these purges are. What what what
are people saying right now?
>> Yeah, I would say it's pretty extensive
because it seems to have touched every
corner of the military because these
nine military personnel come from the
army, the navy, the air force, rocket
force, and also there two members coming
from the Central Military Commission's
subsidiary department. And of course it
comes just about a month after the the
removal of Zhang Youxia which is the
number two, the second highest ranking
general
after President Xi and a lot of people
were shocked by that because he was seen
as a close ally of President Xi. And so
it's been very extensive and if you look
at this chart you can see that President
Xi has
really embarked on the most extensive
purge since the Mao Zedong era. If you
look at his predecessors, Hu Jintao and
Jiang Zemin, none of them had purged any
military general.
So it's it's something to watch and
we're of course very close to the
National People's Congress. That's when
new political appointees, including
military officials are
appointed as well. So in the months
leading up to that leading up to that
there often is a lot of jostling for
power.
>> And this comes ahead of course of the
big event next week.
>> Yeah, and it does also, you know, raise
the question of combat readiness as well
because if you look at all the changes
that we have seen in the military
two out of the only two out of the seven
Central Military Commission leaders are
still standing including President Xi
himself and another newly promoted
member who just joined the ranks in
2025. And and
even President Xi himself has
acknowledged that it's been an
extraordinary and unusual year. In his
latest Spring Festival greetings to the
military personnel he said that the
whole military has undergone in-depth
political rectification and also what he
calls a revolutionary tempering in this
fight against corruption. And again, as
usual there has been no reason given for
the purges this time except that they
are suspected of violating disciplinary
rules.
So so we'll see.
>> Min Min, thank you Min Min Lo there, our
China correspondent on the latest.
When we talk about as Min Min mentioned,
what's happening next week? It's the big
one, right? It's NPC. So everything from
of course the growth target, whether
they're going to shift it,
when it comes to the fiscal side of
things as well, certainly going to be
key focus among economists. And then of
course there is that sort of shift and
really the focus on innovation and tech
the like. That's really the one thing.
China PMIs, you have also that February
jobs report coming out from the US as
well. And yeah, Mark Carney is also
going to be in the region as well. Well,
plenty more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
So big corporate stories we have to tell
you about today. Anthropic has rejected
the Pentagon's latest offer to diffuse a
standoff over conditions a company has
sought governing the use of its AI
software by the military. Now, Anthropic
says the new language proposed by the
Pentagon as a compromise failed to
satisfy its desire to preserve key
safeguards that it wants. The FTC says
the company faces a potential axe from
all government deals if it does not
agree to the Pentagon's demands. And
shares of Block closed higher in the US
after it moved to cut its workforce by
nearly half as it bets on AI changing
the future of labor productivity. Block
has invested heavily in AI tools to run
more efficiently and the company has
been restructuring its business model
and staffing since 2024.
Coreweave shares slumped in late trade
after reporting a bigger than expected
loss and boosting capital expenditures.
Now, there are concerns the company
might be overspending on infrastructure.
Coreweave says this year's capital
spending will come in around 30 to 35
billion dollars. That's more than
estimated. The company ramped up
borrowing in recent years amid an
industry-wide debt binge that has
unsettled some investors.
And Netflix shares rose after the bell
after dropping out of its fight to buy
Warner Brothers. The move clears away
for Paramount now to clinch its deal for
the Hollywood studio. Netflix says the
deal is no longer financially attractive
after Paramount's latest $31 a share
offer. Streaming giant has inked an
$82.7 billion deal to acquire the studio
and streaming businesses of Warner
Brothers in December.
>> Yep. Well, I'm still watching
Pacquiao-Mayweather 2 on Netflix. That's
coming up as well. So
that is going to come up. Okay.
Um what
>> Just kidding.
>> No.
No. But what what what what what season
are we in in Bridgerton?
>> I think four.
>> Huh?
You know what I'm waiting for? Is it
season 6 of Emily in Paris? When is that
coming?
>> Gosh.
>> That's I I can't wait to never do that.
It's not for me. It's not for me
although it it it has a corner of the
newsroom cornered into in as far as
eyeballs are concerned.
>> You have a soft spot for
>> I don't get it though.
>> Sometimes you have a soft spot for
rom-coms.
>> Especially during holiday season, right?
Like you know when to flag these
rom-coms.
Around the holidays. Anyway, Sony's
that's a buyback story
through May $1.6 billion had me
semi-continuous of course there's memory
push
around the semi story in Korea and of
course the opposite is happening still
to Nvidia related names over in Japan as
we head into that lunch break. Okay,
about an hour into the session cash
market CSI 300 Hang Seng China you have
the 10-year yield which is back above
the 1.8% handle
and of course you have the weakening
currency on the back of this latest move
coming from the PBOC to cool the rally
and gains in the currency somewhat.
Plenty more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
>> I think in this
days of the high unpredictability,
the best insurance policy against the
external shocks
and the speculative attacks is the
maintenance of the prudent macroeconomic
policy including fiscal, monetary and
structural reform.
>> And that was the ADB president and
Japan's former top currency official
Masatsugu Kanda speaking to us earlier.
Take a look at what it comes to Japan as
we put our horse getting into that lunch
break at 11:29 there local time.
Japanese stocks, are you seeing a bit of
divergence between the Nikkei and Topix,
but the Topix is actually up about 8/10
of 1%. Nikkei though seeing some
pressure here today. There is some
strength, a little bit of it coming
through on the Japanese currency. Keep
in mind there is a two-year bond sale
here today. So certainly testing the
appetite given what we've been hearing
about the BOJ and the like. Certainly
that's going to be a key focus here the
short end of the yield curve.
>> Okay. Very briefly, we are going into
the weekend on fairly softer footing.
Not a lot. It's not a rush to the exits
by any stretch of the imagination. In
fact, we're coming off successive days
of fairly substantial gains on the
benchmark.
A lot of that has been down to what's
been happening in Korea, which is down
today perhaps, which is why that is
down. We're still on track though for
the best Feb on record as far as the
Asia-Pacific benchmark goes. All right.
Think of earning season here in Hong
Kong.
We're a bit focusing on the the property
sector and you can see why on your
screens. This this group has been
rallying substantially in recent weeks.
I think we're now on track now for in
fact a 10th week of gains, which is a
record on the Hang Seng Property Index
1.3%. We're coming off earnings of
course coming through there out of the
Sun Hung Kai of course, which reported
yesterday.
>> Yeah, we're going to have Bloomberg
Intelligence's Patrick Wong coming on
just a few minutes from now, but yes,
Hong Kong property is back it seems
like. And really coming on the back of
the that budget that we got this week
from the Hong Kong government, right?
And what part of the news beyond just
the property side of luxury tax and the
like
was really about this you know fresh
capital injection to the Hong Kong
Invest Corporation or the sovereign
wealth fund as you may know it as well
as expanding its remit. Now joining us
exclusively is the CEO Clara Chan. Clara
it's good to have you. So
great news of course for for you guys
but you know we're we're short on
details on what exactly how much capital
are we talking about the timeline of all
this. Can you tell us a bit more details
about this government move?
>> Well thank you Eva. Thank you David.
First of all I would like to put things
into perspective because the budget
speech actually further articulated the
priorities and the roles of the HCIC in
the context of our dual mandate to drive
financial return and also to bring the
broader and longer term economic value.
So three things one is investment themes
as you said apart from what we have
announced before innovation and
technology there is a natural extension
in terms of other ecosystem and
approaches that we are going to take
forward including the commercial real
estate side and also risk five and
embodied data etc. The second key part
is really about a partnership. That
means we are not only investing our own
capital and in addition to bringing
others capital we are also partnering or
having alliance with them in terms of
investing in commercial real estate and
other things. So I think these are the
key key areas. So with those
additional priorities in terms of and in
addition to what we talk about the three
key themes hidden core technology etc.
So we definitely would have an expanded
remit as well as additional support from
the government in terms of taking this
forward.
>> Yeah. What statistic statistic for every
one dollar that you spend you have eight
dollars of course of longer term capital
I believe that's being committed
alongside your you went to your point of
partnerships. Okay commercial real
estate that's come up twice just now
from you. That's come up as well. So can
you elaborate more on what your role is
going to be in terms of deploying
capital? What exactly are you looking to
do there?
>> I would just start with the origin of
this whole idea. So basically, I think
you really pointed out that apart from
driving financial return by each
investment we made, we have been
curating and channeling international
capital, long-term capital like from
sovereign wealth fund, pension plans,
endowments from around the world beyond
Hong Kong to these projects. So in the
course of our doing this, we have been
talking to our P investors from around
the world. So what additional things
apart from the HKIC's existing
investment that you would like to put
money in in Hong Kong, right? Because
Hong Kong international financial
center, a lot of interesting
opportunities. So one of the key key
themes people have been focusing on is
actually the commercial real estate
part. And this is also because of the
broader growth trajectory of Hong Kong
in terms of the innovation and
technology push. So people think that,
oh, with these companies like great
entrepreneurs, great teams being
incubated in Hong Kong, with the growth,
they are going to take more space for
C-suite management office, for R&D, like
data center, and even as the companies
continue to grow, they may have the
corporate VC. So one company, they may
incubate 10 each from the same like
parent company. So a lot of them are
planning really 3, 5, 10 years ahead. So
this is how we came up with this idea.
And the other part is think about it's
not only about with this P investor, but
the HKIC ecosystem we already invested
in more than 190 companies. All of these
companies, they are growing rapidly in
Hong Kong. So they also need space. So
think about from that long-term
investors perspective, when they are
having this mechanism and then invest in
commercial real estate, their own
companies from their own jurisdiction,
they would have a more efficient and
optimization of resources. And then from
our perspective, we we could also match
our companies in terms of having the
space,
I would say demand with all these
different resources.
>> It's like you're you're It's like you're
a dating app if you if if you think
about it. So, Mike, I'm curious. So,
where where where is this site? Where is
this uh well, I know where the money's
going to go, but to talk to us about the
specific location, if you could.
>> Well, I think the beauty of this is when
we talk to these different like users
and also capital providers, it actually
cut across different districts. Because
think about the nature of the different
companies. Some could be biotech
company, some could be chip company, and
others could be green tech company. And
many of them have different usages such
such as R&D or the the marketing or
treasury functions. So so the beauty is
really that it's not concentrated in
specific district or a very like clear
sub area, but we hope to bring synergy
and benefits to the broader Hong Kong
economy.
>> I want to bring it back to the the
initial investment as you mentioned,
right? From Hong Kong, it was 62 billion
dollars. With this news of a capital
injection, is is it adding a percentage
of that or is there certainly are there
conditions where you have to raise some
sort of private investment in order for
the government to match it? Can you Can
you tell us a bit more about about that
and how it's all arranged?
>> Yeah, as the financial secretary already
announced in the budget speech,
basically the initial capital around 62
billion pretty much well allocated. So,
that allocation means some of those
already deployed into deals, but there
are others earmarked for certain deals.
Because when we invest in early-stage
companies, when they grow and when they
meet certain milestone, we actually
undertook to allocate more to them. So,
that is like deployed plus the earmarked
thing. And therefore, whatever also like
coming online in terms of our strategic
priorities, including like risk five,
embodied AI, and commercial real estate
announced in the budget speech, so those
definitely will be in addition. But one
other area I would like to bring in is
we do see very early winners and good
performance in our portfolio. And as we
sometimes exit, that would be capital
also flowing back, which we could
recycle. So, that's part number one. So,
basically, that's a very positive
feedback loop. At the same time, as
Yvonne mentioned, do we need to raise
private capital? I could actually share
with you that when we talk to other like
corporates from around the world and
other pension plans or sovereign wealth
fund, in order to capture opportunities
in Hong Kong or through Hong Kong in the
opportunities in mainland China, they
would like to entrust some money for us
to manage. But for us, I think we are
clear. We are under our fiduciary duty
to the Hong Kong government. So, that
could be the our only source that our
fiduciary duty and obligation. So,
that's why we think that while we won't
manage other people's money, but
leveraging on the foundation that we are
able to channel more capital in, we
would like to have mechanism and system
where we could efficiently and in a very
agile way channel those capitals into
different sectors.
>> Mhm.
Uh when I saw the line from the
financial secretary talking about inject
new injections in a timely manner,
uh my curious mind just asked, how much
is Clara Chan going to see in her bank
account? HKIC, of course. For from Have
we Do we know roughly how much yet?
>> Well, I think that we look to the
government's guidance because I think
they mentioned about the injection
should be on timely basis and the focus
to be really building a even more solid
foundation for us to take the priority
forward. So, uh we we we are very sure
that we will have the announcement soon.
>> Okay. Okay.
>> Also, you know, something that also came
out of the budget was that the
government was going to draw money from
the the defense fund exchange fund to
help deploy into the investments in
northern metro metropolis, you know,
technology and the like.
I mean, you used to work at HKMA and and
you certainly have were responsible for
monetary management. Do you Do you think
that, you know, in terms of Hong Kong
IC's position, are you in a good
position to kind of fund and help with
the Northern Metropolis as well?
>> Well, number one, I think for all the
policy bureaus and departments and all
the popular organization, we see
ourselves as one Hong Kong team. So,
whatever the government's policy
priority is, including the Northern
Metropolis, we definitely will fully
support. So, for the HKIC, getting back
to the earlier point about the inward
inquiry or the suggestions or the areas
of focus of our other PE investor or
companies, a lot of them did ask about
Northern Metropolis and we are
definitely also making some connections
for them to get to understand more and
also to channel the money as well as
like capital or the well, as user in
terms of those spaces and I think which
would be bringing synergy in the long
term.
>> Would would you be in a position to get
directly involved in if if the
government asked, for example, to get
involved in find helping finance the
Northern Metropolis project, apart from
of course putting
uh making the connections uh between the
government and of course the the other
partners that you mentioned?
>> Well, we're happy to support whatever
the government asks us to do because we
are effectively kind of
under the remit and the support of the
government. And at the same time, we do
see our maximum benefits in terms of
channeling more capital in addition to
what the government already has. But
definitely, we will we are like standing
ready to be agile and supportive.
>> I I need to ask you a final question.
Exits, because this is a high hot IPO
market.
Um a lot of your
uh portfolio companies have already
uh indicated their application to list.
Is that uh should we expect a busy exit
season for HKIC?
>> Oh, yes. Yes, we already have 10 company
listed and this year uh more than 20
already indicated or filed for IPO in
Hong Kong. And I think some key key
things that we'll be focused on will be
embodied AI and um also some other
biotech and health tech companies.
>> Fantastic. Thank you. Clara, thank you.
Clara Chan, the CEO of Hong Kong
Investment Corp.
>> Yeah, and and staying in Hong Kong,
right? You know, Clara talked about
commercial property. That certainly has
been something of a hot topic here. And
you take a look at what it comes to some
of these property stocks here in the
city. They basically have been the
leaders or out performers over the past
month. New home sales are on track to
hit a 22-year high in 2026 and
benefiting such builders like Sun Hung
Kai. Bloomberg Intelligence Real Estate
senior analyst Patrick Wong is with us.
I'm sure you're getting a lot of
questions um about what this recovery
looks like. But let's talk about the Sun
Hung Kai earnings. It looked pretty
good. What was your take on it?
>> I think the situation like we we see the
growth driven by developments in
mainland China. Interestingly, but I
think more importantly is going forward
we see going to like second half of the
the financial years, we see the
potential opportunities that they sell
more luxury apartments. Mass market also
doing really well. That's also very
important. They they sold 1,500 units
for like billion just within a couple of
weeks time so far this year. So I think
it's very good opportunity for them to
sell more to drive the profit going
forward in the second half.
>> The on on the home price front
specifically, lots of people expect a
rebound further in prices this year. Is
that going to show up in earnings even
further?
>> Yeah, definitely. I think of course in
the short term, right? It also depends
on the booking, right? And but the
challenge of course is the they they
already close to the sales target more
or less 88% already achieved, right?
They still have couple of project
upcoming in the pipeline, the mass
project that will be helpful. Especially
you see the budget, right? There's the
so the stamp duty, right? It's more
about the luxury market. But now I think
the investor they keep buying is about
the multiple units for the mass market.
So that's also something um to help Sun
Hung Kai to bump up their sales.
>> We we teased it, right? It It's Hong
Kong property back. I mean, you take a
look at how this sector has has
It It's not really tech. It's It's
really what we're talking about these
old traditional sort of sectors here in
the city. Is Hong Kong property back?
What sort of questions are you getting
these days?
>> Yeah, I think the challenge of course is
past few years since 2021, it dropped
30% of the home prices and then it
rebounds since March last year with the
budget they realized a bit in terms of
stamp duty for the first three years
more units. So now it's the things
picking up almost 10% for the home
prices and then our forecast I think we
will make a good prediction on last year
the price turn around and then this year
we make another 12% increase from now
until end of 2027. So we'll see how it
goes.
>> Yeah, looking a little bit more
optimistic.
>> on his face there.
>> Patrick well yeah, he's happy. He's like
yeah, after so many years
we've been talking about uh this
correction. All right, Patrick Wong of
Bloomberg Intelligence there. Uh he
covers real estate for us. Of course you
can get an insider's guide to the money
and people shaking up the finance hub in
our Hong Kong edition newsletter that's
out every Thursday. You can sign up by
scanning the QR code on your screen
there or just go to the website
bloomberg.com/newsletters.
All right, we're watching some of these
smartphone makers the supply chain here
today. Um this IDC report certainly is
uh becoming one of our top stories here
this morning on just how bad of a crisis
is it crisis quotes, right? When it
comes to uh memory and supply chips and
the like. So IDC crunched the numbers
and said, "Look, 13% contraction in the
smartphone market because of what we're
seeing uh in the memory right now." And
you're seeing that across Samsung the
like uh pretty massive moves there this
morning. So certainly just to flesh this
all out for us, let's bring in our Asia
tech correspondent Abel Julior in Hong
Kong. I know we we also spoke with IDC
about this very report as well, but what
are they saying?
>> Yeah, well it's it's essentially just
going through and and looking at the
impact of the memory chip crisis is
having on these smartphone makers and
it's not exactly even if you're if
you're a
more of a high-end maker like like
Samsung or Apple for instance, you're
actually a bit better protected, but
it's actually the Chinese players that
are most at risk here because memory
chip prices or memory chips in general
makes up a large component of the total
cost of manufacturing a device, but
particularly at the low end, that's
where it's even more notable and so
they're saying
companies like like Oppo or Vivo or
Huawei or even Xiaomi, of course they
have that premiumization model, but
still they produce a lot of low-end
devices, they're going to be really
affected by these moves and if you're
below that $100
a device category, it's it's basically
not economically viable now. So yeah,
they've got these revised estimates. I
think it's really interesting. You're
talking about that 13% contraction for
this year. Actually, when they were
looking just 3 months ago, they were
looking at a 1% contraction. So they've
really changed their thesis even just
over the last several weeks, but yeah,
as you said, we spoke to IDC and I
started by asking him why it's got so
much worse just as I said just recently.
Take a listen.
>> Even back in November, there were
already signs that these memory
chips were going to, you know, the
supply was already tight. We were seeing
some pressure
on the market, but since that time in
November, the just the weeks after we
issued that forecast, things continued
to escalate. We published another
interim update in December. We were
projecting some downside scenarios and
that scenario we were going to like
minus six kind of a range and then
you continue to move forward into
January and now into February, just the
pressure has been quite immense on the
market where as you pointed out, now
we're looking at a 13% contraction
this year.
A lot of this is really coming from
where where the big challenges, to be
honest, is on the low end of the market,
right? The sub $150 segment. If you
think about those types of low-end
phones,
uh when memory prices go up that much,
it's very difficult for a vendor to be
profitable in doing that. And so, that's
putting a lot of pressure on a lot of
Chinese vendors. And, you know,
accordingly so, that that actually is
about 30% of the total market. So, you
can imagine that part of the market,
when you look towards the tail end of
'26 and in the '27, we're looking at
most of that, you know, going away. And
that's going to be quite tough. And so,
that's a big reason behind this. Now, at
least the premium part of the market is
a little more sheltered. You think about
the Apples and Samsungs of the world, as
they release some of these premium
products like Samsung did the other
night, you know, they've got a little
more ability to compensate in that. Um
but, even then, Samsung had raised their
prices, too.
>> Yeah, we might get into, again, the the
the the the winners and the losers, but
maybe just dig into to to give us the
details on on the cost structure and how
much memory actually makes up the the
total bill of materials.
>> Yeah, it's about it's about 20-30%
depending on, again, the the low end or
the high end of the market. So, it's a
big part of it, and increasingly that's
getting bigger, right? Now that the the
cost of the memory is continuing to
increase, whether it's double-digit
percentage, triple-digit percentage in
terms of the cost of the memory itself,
you can see that percentage of the total
bill of materials for that smartphone
continuing to get bigger.
Um and again, back to my earlier point
about that low end of the market, then
it becomes an even bigger part of that
percentage. And that's why it's quite
tough for the vendors to be able to
sustain themselves in that part of the
market.
>> Yeah, so, as Bryan Ma from IDC just laid
out that you can be up to 20-30%
of of the total cost of materials comes
down to memory. So, it's really, really
significant the impact this is having,
particularly as we're just discussing
there, uh for for players like Oppo, for
instance, that heavily target the India
market and heavily target, as well,
lower-end devices. They're going to be
really feeling the effects of this as
opposed to bigger companies like Apple
or Samsung that have got a lot more
capital, but also there's longer term
supply contracts in place as well.
>> Yeah, and it's interesting that the
wording is quite, I mean, serious,
right? They're saying, you know, it
tariffs, COVID, that all seems like a
joke now
on the impact it's had. It's really a
crisis like no other, they say. Uh when
it comes to the supply crunch, it's not
just about prices, it's availability of
those of those chips as well. Great
stuff. Belle, our Asia tech course one
of their annual travelers, uh bringing
that report interview to us from her of
course Tech Show with Sherry. If you
want to rewatch that, of course, you can
check out our Bloomberg Video Hub.
Subscribers can explore live streaming
news and interviews, all our Bloomberg
TV shows, documentaries, reporter
analysis, and more. Check out
bloomberg.com/videos.
>> All right, welcome back. As we before we
wrap up the show going into the weekend,
a couple of things of course we are
tracking going into next week. Very,
very big week
as far as me and the China's concerned.
You have the two sessions, which is of
course the NPC and the CPPCC, hence the
two. PMIs are also coming out and of
course other big events on the macro
calendar you should see on your screens
there.
>> Yeah, we got Min Min there. Steve will
be on there on the ground to cover of
course NPC. Some data as we talked about
certainly will be one to watch. In terms
of what else to watch next week is going
to be a lot. Uh when it comes to data
out of the US that jobs report, Carney's
in Asia, so certainly those will be one
to watch. In terms of just what we're
watching in markets, Asia's pretty flat
right now, but as Dave mentioned, we're
still on course for the best February on
record for Asian stocks.
You know, today it's really about, you
know, some of these sort of the
smartphone worries, Nvidia earnings are
still we're still digesting a little bit
about that. So the AI server plays are
actually dropping, but it's a bit of a a
mixed bag here, it seems like. But we're
watching CanSino Biologics Pharma is
actually doing quite well
in the Hang Seng session here today as
well. So that certainly is one to watch
on the back of some strong earnings that
we're getting from the pharma sector
here as well.
>> Yeah, the currency was one that was much
much stronger of course going into today
and then right before the show started
the PBOC came out and with its latest
tool. There we go. It's a good
to sort of calm the rally a little bit
and that's resulted in
the Chinese currency weaker against
everything but the Korean won today
which I guess speaks to then the
correlation between the one and the you
know the equity markets in Korea. That
but again back to the topic here is the
PBOC effectively cutting the cost to
hedge
the currency to slow in a bid to slow
the ascent there of the Chinese
currency.
>> Yeah, and doing this before the two
sessions is quite interesting, right?
That they do want some sort of stable
currency leading up of course to MPC. So
the timing is quite interesting. We're
up about half of 1% for the Hang Seng
here today. Still watching of course HS
Tech still catching a slight bid here
today. Don't forget to tune in to our
new show Bloomberg This Weekend. Now if
you if you if you're not sick of us
>> Yeah.
>> you can watch stuff on the weekend as
well. David Gura, Lisa Mateo and
Christina Ruffini will bring you unique
conversations and in-depth interviews on
news, politics and more.